=head1 NAME

FlowPDF::Log::FW

=head1 AUTHOR

CloudBees

=head1 NOTE

This module is not intented to be used by plugin developers. This module should be used only by FlowPDF developers.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides a log for the FlowPDF itself and should be imported and used only in FlowPDF libraries.

B<This module should not be used as logger for business-logic code. This is logger for framework itself.>

The logger that you're looking for is L<FlowPDF::Log>.

Also, please, note, that FlowPDF::Log::FW is a singleton. This object is automatically created during module import.

Just write:



use FlowPWDF::Log::FW;



And now you have an already created and available logger.

=head1 SPECIAL ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES AND METHODS

This module reacts on the following environment variables:

=over 4

=item FLOWPDF_FW_LOG_TO_FILE

An absolute of wile where log will be written. If file could not be written, logging to the file will be disabled automatically
and warning will be shown in the logs.

=item FLOWPDF_FW_LOG_TO_PROPERTY

A property path where log will be written.

=item FLOWPDF_FW_LOG_LEVEL

A log level of logger. One of:

=over 8

=item 0 - INFO

=item 1 - DEBUG

=item 2 - TRACE

=back

Default is INFO.

=back

And following methods:

=over 4

=item setLogLevel();

=item getLogLevel();

=item setLogToProperty();

=item getLogProperty();

=item setLogToFile();

=item getLogFile();

=back

Please, note, that these logfile writing methods are not exclusive. It means that logger will write to all destination that are available.

For example, if log to property is enabled alongside with logging to file, log will be written to the property and to the file.

=head1 LOGGING METHODS

=over

=item fwLogInfo

=item fwLogDebug

=item fwLogTrace

=item fwLogError

=item fwLogWarning

=back



=cut