=head1 NAME

=head1 FlowPDF::Component::CLI

=head1 AUTHOR

CloudBees

=head1 DESCRIPTION

FlowPDF::Component::CLI is an FlowPDF::Component that is responsible for command-line execution.

=head1 INIT PARAMS

To read more about init params see L<FlowPDF::ComponentManager>.

This component support following init params:

=over 4

=item (Required) workingDirectory

A parameter for working directory. CLI executor will chdir to this directory before commands execution.

=item (Optional) resultsDirectory

A parameter for output directory. Logs are being stored at this directory.

If no resultsDirectory parameter, defaults to workingDirectory parameter.

=back

=head1 USAGE

This component should be used in the following sequence:

=over 4

=item FlowPDF::Component::CLI creation.

=item FlowPDF::Component::CLI command creation.

=item Command execution.

=item Results procession.

=back

=head1 METHODS

=head2 newCommand($shell, $args)

=head3 Description

Creates an L<FlowPDF::Componen::CLI::Command> object that represents command line and being used by FlowPDF::Component::CLI executor.

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item (Required)(String) Shell for the command, or full path to the command that should be executed.

=item (Required)(ARRAY ref) An arguments that will be escaped and added to the command.

=back

=head3 Returns

=over 4

=item L<FlowPDF::Component::CLI::Command> object

=back

=head2 runCommand()

=head3 Description

Executes provided command and returns an L<FlowPDF::Component::CLI::ExecutionResult> object.

=head3 Parameters

=over 4

=item None

=back

=head3 Returns

=over 4

=item L<FlowPDF::Component::CLI::ExecutionResult>

=back



=cut